Added a warning to caution users about consequences of uninstalling t… (#65433)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-uninstalling-the-pipelines-operator.adoc

. Click the *{pipelines-title}* Operator tile. The Operator tile indicates that the Operator is installed.

. In the *{pipelines-title}* Operator description page, click *Uninstall*.

[WARNING]
====

> When you uninstall the Operator, all resources in the Pipeline namespace are lost including the secrets you configured with it.

Reviewer: it's not "the Pipeline namespace". I believe it is the target namespace where {pipelines-shortname} is installed, by default, the `openshift-pipelines` namespace. We need to verify this with engineering. I have put a question into Slack.

Author: Alright, I see a thumbs up from you @vdemeester. How do you advise?

Reviewer: @masauso-lungu I have confirmation from Pavol now - it is the namespace I described

Author: @mramendi Thank you for the update. I will address it accordingly

> When you uninstall the Operator, you lose all the resources in the Pipeline namespace, including the secrets that you configured with it.

Reviewer 2: I don't think the sentence needs the commas, based on https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=punctuation-commas.

Reviewer 3: +1 to Courtney. You could also do
```suggestion
When you uninstall the Operator, all resources in the Pipeline namespace are lost including the secrets you configured with it.
```

Author: Noted, I will rework it.

Author: Hi @opayne1, I have implemented and resloved the issue as suggested. Thank you.

/label peer-review-needed

> When you uninstall the {pipeline-shortname} Operator, all resources within the target namespace where the Operator is installed, the `oepenshift-pipelines` namespace by default, are lost including the secrets you configured with it.

Reviewer: typo in namespace name

Author: Seen it.
Addressed.

Author: Can merge request be made now @mramendi ?
